Move DEM examples to documentation (#343)
lethe-cfd/lethe: doc/source/examples/dem/silo/silo.rst

==================================
Silo
==================================

This is the sixth example of Lethe-DEM. This example simulates the filling and discharge of particles in a wedge-shaped silo. We set up this simulation according to the experiments of Golshan et al. [1]. It is recommended to visit `DEM parameters <https://lethe-cfd.github.io/lethe/parameters/dem/dem.html>`_ for more detailed information on the concepts and physical meanings of the parameters in Lethe-DEM.

Features
----------------------------------
- Solvers: ``dem_3d``
- Floating walls
- Gmsh grids
- Checkpointing (restart)

Location of the examples
------------------------
 ``/examples/dem/3d_silo/silo_Golshan.prm``

Description of the case
-----------------------

This simulation consists of two stages: filling (0-4 s) and discharge (4-40 s) of particles. During the filling stage, we use a stopper (floating wall) to keep the inserted particles in the hopper region of the silo. When all the particles are inserted and packed in the hopper, we remove the stopper and particles leave the hopper.

Parameter file
--------------

Mesh
~~~~~

> Despite previous examples, in this example, we use a mesh generated using Gmsh. The Gmsh (with an extension of .msh) file is located inside the example folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contrary to previous examples, in this example, we use a mesh generated using Gmsh. The Gmsh (with an extension of .msh) file is located inside the example folder.
```

Reviewer: I don't think the word despite can be used in this context.

Author: Corrected.

In this simulation, we need a stopper (floating wall) in the filling stage (0-4 s). Hence, we set ``start time`` and ``end time`` equal to 0 and 4, respectively. The stopper should be in the `xy` plane and be located at the bottom of the silo. We use this information to select the point on the stopper (0, 0, 0) and its normal vector (0, 0, 1).

.. code-block:: text

    subsection floating walls
        set number of floating walls	= 1
            subsection wall 0
            subsection point on wall
                set x					= 0
                set y					= 0
                set z					= 0
            end
            subsection normal vector
                set nx					= 0
                set ny					= 0
                set nz					= 1
            end
            set start time				= 0
            set end time				= 4
            end
    end

Running the simulation
----------------------
This simulation can be launched by (in parallel mode on 32 processes):

.. code-block:: text

  mpirun -np 32 dem_3d silo_Golshan.prm

> 

Reviewer 2: Can you give an estimation of run time?

Author: added.
